Triangulation_2 : Document the `Triangulation_2_projection_traits_3` class (#5407)
CGAL/cgal: Triangulation_2/doc/Triangulation_2/Triangulation_2.txt

`Projection_traits_xz_3<R>` to
deal with projections on the
`yz` plane and `xz`-plane,

> respectively, as well as the geometric traits class
> `Projection_traits_3` that deals with projections on an
> arbitrary plane, defined by its orthogonal vector.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
respectively, as well as the geometric traits class
`Projection_traits_3<R>` that deals with projections onto an
arbitrary plane defined by its orthogonal vector.

```
